- J'
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
- My name is Joy White--
l'm here to see Ann Pettway.
- MALE GUARD: Does she
know you're coming?
- No.
- GUARD: Park over there--I'll
put you through security.
- J'
' [9"°ﬂI\il\g in pain]
I was on my way to school
and my water broke.
- We almost didn't make it.
- What's your name. honey?
- Joy. Joy White.
- And. Joy. how old are you?
- She's 16.
- And this is your
first pregnancy?
- Yesl
- Name?
- Ann Pettway.
- You want to tell me
what happened. Ann?
- I started having pains.
so I came here.
- Is this your first pregnancy?
- Nol
- ls there anybody
you want us to call?
- No. Nol Nol
- A family member?
- [machines beeping]
- DOCTOR: Scalpel.
- NURSE: Pushl
- [groaning]
- Push. now--come onl
- You're almost therel
- DOCTOR: Scissors...
Forceps...
and suction. please.
. Big pushl
- [roaring]
- [machine beeping]
- [baby crying]
- [machines beeping]
- I told you it was a girl.
- But I was surel
- Your mom owes me
a chocolate cake now.
' [both laughing]
- I always wanted a baby girl.
- Yeah?
- Don'! nobody love a guy
like his baby girl.
- Isn't she beautiful?
[coos]
- She looks just like you.
- She's got your eyes.
- [laughs]
- What are we gonna call her?
- I am not naming
her after your mom.
- I guess Carl Jr.'s
out of the question.
- Who says?
- [chuckles]
[chuckles]
Carlina Renae White.
- Daddy's little girl.
We love you.
- Nol I did everything right.
Everything rightl
I didn't drink--I didn't smokel
Why did this happen again?
- DOCTOR: The blood work shows
some abnormalities
with your hormone levels.
- What?l I don'! even
know what you sayin'l
- ll is unlikely that you could
sustain a full-term pregnancy.
- Mm. Mm-mm. Mm-mm. I
don'! even believe you.
Stop lyingl Stop lyingl
- Nursel
- Stop lying--
what you do with my baby?l
- DOCTOR: Nursel
You need to calm down.
- What'd you do with my baby--
I'll find her myselfl
- Get some Ativanl
- I want to know where it isl
- Hold her downl
- What did you do with my baby?l
- This is my grandbaby.
Carlina Renae White.
Oh. precious.
Why she's named after her father
instead of me. I don'! know.
but the Lord works
in mysterious ways.
[chuckles]
Can we bow our heads?
Heavenly Father.
we'd like to thank you
for bringing this healthy
little girl into our family.
May she always know
how it feels to be loved.
Amen.
- Amen.
- Amenl
- What's that Carlina--
I think she said. "Let's eatl"
- [all chuckling]
- Let's eat.
- She's gorgeous.
Welcome home. sweetie pie.
- DOCTOR: How is she?
- NURSE: She hasn't eaten
in days--she just lays there.
- We need the bed.
- Should we try the psych ward?
- Nah. there's
no beds there. either.
- Miss Pettway...
Your vitals look good.
We can have you
out of here this afternoon.
How's that sound?
- [machine beeping]
- Have you thought
of other alternatives?
You can foster a child.
you can adopt a baby...
My wife and I adopted
just last year.
- [softly] Nobody's
gonna give me no baby.
- J'
- [babies crying]
- [cooing to baby]
. [baby cries]
- J'
- J' All night J'
1» All day 1»
J' Angels watching
over me. my Lord J'
J' All night J'
1» All day 1»
J' Angels watching over me N'
- [phone ringing]
[cash registers ringing]
- Are you ready?
- To try on shoes?
- No. you know--for the baby.
Because you look like
you're about ready to drop.
You're carrying it high...
like it's a girl.
Is this your first?
I had one last year.
You won'! sleep.
but you'll love it.
You'll see.
Now how do those feel?
Ma'am?
- I think they're kinda tight“
can I get a size up?
- I'll go check.
- J'
- Good morning. Doctor.
Her history?
The patient's had
three miscarriages.
and according to her blood work.
it appears her body is
too weak to have a child.
But. like I told her.
there's a cure for everything
if you're willing to take
matters in your own hands.
Yes. Doctor?
- J'
[voice breaking] I knew
you'd have a solution.
- J'
- [baby crying]
- I just took it
again--it's 104I
I'm leaving right now.
No. Carl--tell your
boss you're leaving now.
Meet me at the hospital?
Okay. bye.
- [baby crying]
- J' All night. all day J'
J' Angels watching over me.
my Lord J'
- [baby crying. ¢°'-l9l\il\9]
- J' All night. all day J'
J' Angels watching over me.
my Lord J'
- Uh. the children's ward--
where is it?
- J' All night. all day J'
- Thanks.
J' Angels watching over me N'
[baby crying]
- I never should have
took her to the park.
It was too soon.
- It's not your fault.
- No. no--maybe I'm not ready
to take care of a child.
I'm just--[whimpers]
I'm just too tired.
- You are a great mother.
- [sniffles and groans]
- It's gonna be fine. right?
Our baby is gonna be fine.
- Oh. girl. yeahl
I see this all the time.
Babies bounce back
faster than us.
- See?
- [laughs weakly]
- [baby gurgles]
- What's your baby's name?
- Carlina.
- Your name Carl. right?
- Yeah.
- [all laughing]
- That's cute--I like that.
- Okay. we're giving
her antibiotics now.
and the fever should
break by morning.
Did you want to stay
the night with her?
- I may have to get back
to work.
I'll make a call.
- [whispering] Okay.
Okay.
- [sighs] You're gonna be okay.
' [baby fusses]
- WOMAN ON INTERCOM: ...on hold.
line two--on hold. line two.
. HEY-
- What's your name?
- It's Joy.
- I just want to tell
you I overheard you earlier.
and you're a good mother. Joy.
- You think so?
- Yeah. girl. I can see it.
- Thank you. Miss...
- You know what else I can see?
- What's that?
- You tiredl
- [laughs] I am.
The baby keeps me up.
- Oh. she keep you up. right?
- The baby keeps me up.
- Why don'! you go home
and rest for a few hours?
- I should stay here.
- Girl. don'! be
silly--for what?
All you're gonna be doin' is
sittin' round here waitin'.
We got your number--if anything
happen. we'll call you.
- I don'! want
to leave her here alone.
- Joy. the baby don'! cry
for you.
You cry for the baby.
I tell you what--
I tell you what.
I'll watch her myself.
. Okay-
Maybe a quick shower. just...
I'll just go home
and pick up a few things.
- I got you. I got it--
I tell you. I got it.
- I gotta get back to work.
- Can you run me home
on your way back?
- Let's go.
- I'll be back soon.
Please look out for my baby.
- I 901 you--I got you.
Go on... go.
- Okay.
- WOMAN ON INTERCOM:
...to radiology. please.
...to radiology.
- J' Watchin' over me J'
1» All day 1»
J' All night J'
- [baby gurgling]
- J' Angels watchin' over me M
- [suspenseful music]
' [baby fussing]
- Ohl
Oh nol
- J' All day. all night J'
J' Ange-- N'
- [bell dings]
- GUARD: I haven'! seen you
around before.
- I just started.
- That explains it.
The only way to survive
the late shift
is by making sure you get
plenty of sleep on your day off.
- I'll keep that in mind.
thank you.
- [bell dings]
- Have a nice night.
- [horns beeping]
- MAN: Just keep the meter
running--I'll be right back.
- [police siren wailing]
. [baby cooingl
. [§ighS] It's okayl
It's okayl
- [baby fussing]
- It's okay.
- [baby fussing and coughing]
- I got you--
I got you now.
L 901 you.
- J'
' [lelephone rings]
- Hello?
Yes. this is
Carlina White's mother.
No. I left her at the hospital.
Wh-What's wrong?
Missing?l
What do you mean she's missing?
- [shouting] What
the hell happened?l
- [gasps]
- Detective Dalton. N.Y.P.D.
Between 2:30 and 3:30 a.m..
medical personnel. or someone
posing as medical personnel.
removed your daughter
from the ward.
- Will she hurt my baby?
- I can'! answer
that. Miss White.
- Security cameras--there's
gotta be something on those.
- DALTON: Unfortunately.
cameras aren't working today.
- Fingerprintsl
- We can only match them
if the perpetrator
has committed a crime
in New York.
We believe the kidnapper
worked at the hospital
or pretended to work
at the hospital.
so we're scouring files.
- How long is that gonna take?
- I can'! answer that.
Miss White.
- Well. maybe you
can answer this.
How are you gonna find my baby?
- Why don'! you tell
us what you know.
Did you speak
to anyone privately?
- No.
- Yes. that nurse. remember?
- Yeah. she told me.
"The baby don'! cry for you.
"You cry for the baby."
That lady was trying
to get me to leavel
- Did you get her name?
- She wasn't wearing a tag.
- Can you describe her?
- She was black-
- Around my complexion-
- O-older--
- --heavy-set...
- Like she just had a baby...
- Or just lost one.
- [sobbing]
- [train clacking over tracks]
- We have reason to believe
that this woman is involved
in the kidnapping
of Carlina White.
The city of New York
has posted a $10.000 reward
for any tip leading
to the baby's return.
This is the first time
in the history of this city
that a child's been
taken from the hospital.
- FEMALE REPORTER:
Sir. another comment?
- [other reporters muttering]
- [sobbing] I want my baby back.
She didn't have
to do that to me.
I was carrying her
for nine months.
She didn't have to take her
from me.
[sobbing]
- I think the lady's just scared
because she thinks we're
gonna press charges.
but I just want to tell her.
"l won'! press charges
against you.
Just bring our daughter back."
- [train whistle blows]
- WOMAN: Ohh. hiiiil
- ANN: Heyl
I need a picturel
Eh--stop--awwwl
- [camera clicks]
- Heyl
- [cooing] rm
[gasps]
- Okay. be careful now.
- WOMAN: Okay.
- Be careful.
- Okay.
- [baby coughs]
- She been a little sick.
' [baby ¢oughing]
' l 901 you.
Hil
- That's my girll
Hey. babyl
- What's your name. baby?
- Say. "My name's Nejdra Nance."
"My name Nejdra Nance."
- Where's your daddy. Nejdra?
- "My daddy's
out working today."
- Dealing drugs ain't working.
' [baby fusses]
- You look like a Netty
I'm-a call you Netty
You hear that. Netty?
I'm your Auntie Cassandra.
- I'm gonna get the bottle.
- Can you say. "Cassandra"?
- [horns beeping.
traffic droning]
- [street din]
- Excuse me. miss.
my daughter's been kidnapped.
If you could give me
a call if you see her--
Excuse me. sir.
my daughter's been--
[sighs] Excuse me. sir--
- [child lau9l\i"9]
- [children playing]
- CARL: Hey.
[sighs]
I spoke to my boss.
I'm gonna get that raise
so we can start looking
for our own place.
- Don'! bother.
They're never gonna find her.
- Yes. they will.
- Carl. just stop.
- [hotly] Why are you
so mad at me?
Joy. no one could have known
this would happen.
It was late. a shift change.
the cameras not working--
it was like a perfect storml
- I keep thinking
about that night--
that... nurse.
all those things she said to me.
She--I called a lawyer today.
Somebody's gotta pay for this.
Somebody's gotta pay.
- CASSANDRA: When's
her birthday?
- July 31.
- Why did it take you three
weeks to bring her around?
- They kept us
in the hospital
for a little while.
- And you didn't call nobody?
- I didn't want to bother folks.
- I ain't "folks"--
I'm your sister.
- Okay. I started
having contractions.
I didn't want to take
no chances.
so I went
straight to the hospital.
I didn't want no problems.
I got there.
They didn't think she
was gonna make it.
But she did.
- [ominous music]
- You're my little
miracle baby. Nejdra.
You're my little miracle baby.
- [door creaks]
- [sniffs and sighs]
- J'
- It's been nearly a year
that 19-day-old Carlina White
was snatched
from a Harlem hospital.
Parents have filed
a $100 million lawsuit
against the city
that charges lax security
and shoddy hiring practices.
- Carlina's life is priceless.
No settlement in the world
could ever measure up
to having my daughter back.
- I can't believe the police
haven't found my daughter yet.
In the beginning.
there were helicopters
and police officers everywhere.
but it all died down
rather fast.
- Detective Dalton?
- [phones ringing]
I need some good news.
- We're working on it.
- [whispering] You
said you'd find her.
- Look. there was a woman.
Someone saw her at the hospital.
then on the train with a baby.
We're checking--
- If Carlina was a white girl.
you'd have found her by now.
- You really believe that?
- At least she'd still
be in the papers.
- What do you want me to say?
- I want you to keep your word.
Find my daughter.
- [printer screeching.
phones ringing]
- And that's $43.96.
- WOMAN ON INTERCOM:
Cleanup in aisle 2.
- Here you go.
- Keith. I need
an authorization.
Hold on a second.
Mrs. Alexander.
- Is there a problem?
- Uh. no--there's just been
an uptick in fraud.
We just need to
verify this quickly.
- I got cash.
- Sure. Thank you.
. Okay-
- Hold on a second.
Mrs. Alexander.
- [irritably] What?
- Your change.
- WOMAN ON INTERCOM: Marcus.
can you come to the deli?
Marcus to the deli.
- [door swishes]
- [baby crying]
- Auntie Cassandra's
gonna get you some milk.
Ugh. we're out of milk.
- That's why I
went to the store.
That's why I went to the store"
get my baby some milkl
Yesl Mwahl You miss me?
Yes. you didl
- [baby gurgling]
- Oh. baby.
- [carton hits trash]
- What you gonna do with that?
- I am gonna make
Nejdra a new outfit.
A dress and a hat--you like it?
- That's sweet.
I like that.
- It's sweet. right?
- I like that--I like that one.
- Her daddy's taking us
out for her first birthday.
and I want us to look
extra nice.
- You need to cut him loose
and get yourself a job.
- [baby cooing]
- For your information.
Miss Holier-Than-Thou.
I gets me a job.
- [scoffs]
Well. let me show you
what we been doin' all day.
- Nol
- [Cassandra. in baby voice]
I'll go with you. mamal
' [baby squealing]
- Come here. preciousl
- [both women squealing]
- CASSANDRA: Hi. mamal
- You did itl
- CASSANDRA: That's rightl
- We'd like to open up
three accounts.
One in my name.
- One in mine.
- And one is a trust
in the name of Carlina White.
- And she is?
- Our daughter.
- That's good planning-
where's the little one?
- Do you see her?
- Uh. Carlina's not with us.
but we're hoping
she will be soon.
- Well. our minimum deposit
is $100 per account.
Is that okay?
That's almost
half a million dollars.
What do you have to do
to make that kind of money?
- It was a settlement. okay?
- Want to get
a coffee or something?
- I'm gonna be late.
- How about tonight?
- I can't.
- You can'! keep avoiding me.
- I've got to get to class.
- How's the studying going?
- Carl. I know
you've been trying.
but every time I look
at you. I see Carlina.
I see her face.
I see her eyes.
I don'! want to be
angry anymore.
- It's my fault. right?
We both left
the hospital that night.
You think you're
the only one that's angry.
There's not a day goes by
I don'! think about what
our lives could've been like
if this didn't happen.
- I'm sorry.
I just... can't.
I just can't.
- MAN: Hey. what's up. cutie?
- Don'! you ever talk to
strangers. you hear me?
What do you do if a stranger
tries to give you candy?
- I scream "Nol" and run.
- Good. Good.
- Do I gotta go?
- Yes. you gotta go.
- Can'! you teach me?
- Mama can'! teach
you everything. baby.
Don'! you want to grow up
and be smart.
like the Huxtables on TV?
- I don'! wanna go to schooll
- Look here--
don't test me today. okay?
Don'! test me today--
do you hear me?
[slap]
[loudly] Do you hear me?
- [Sobbil\g] Ygs_
- [kids lav-I9l\i"9]
- Don'! be upset. okay?
Mama just loves you so much
that she wants
what's best for you.
- You mama's miracle
baby. Nejdra.
Can I get a smile?
You can do better than thatl
Come on. give me a smilel
[laughs]
- [school bell rings]
- Come on.
Mwah... let's go to school.
big girl.
- [Dave Barnes singing
"Very Merry Christmas"]
J' The blinds are pulled J'
- Hurry up. mama--it's limel
- What'd I tell you about
bothering me this early?
- J' With both of us.
this house might bust J'
- I'm comin'l
- J' You and me J'
J' And all this family J'
- I'm cumin'.
- J' We're gonna have
a merry Christmas. babe J'
J' A very merry Christmas. baby J'
- Let's see what you got.
- J' A merry Christmas. babe J'
- Are all these for me?
- J' Very merry Christmas. baby J'
- Yeah. you been
a good girl this year.
so here--open this one first.
No. no. no--open this one.
Open this one first.
- [sweetly] Herel
- Look. baby.
- J' The old neighborhood
always looked so good J'
- And this one's for you.
- J' We say hello to the friends
we can and can'! remember J'
- I know you want to do
hair when you grow up.
so I say you could
practice on her.
- J' Then the handbells ring J'
- Can I brush it now?
Can I. please?
- Yeah. yeah.
Go get my brush.
- J' And then the children sing J'
- I don'! get no sugar--what?
Huh? [laughs]
- J' the fireplace
is on the embers J'
- And Netty. hurry up.
'cause we're already late
to your grandma's house.
- J' You and me
and all this family J'
- Mm... all these presents?
You didn't have but two pennies
to rub together last month.
- Ain't you gonna open it?
- Huh... well. whatever
you're doin'.
you better watch out
before you end up
in a prison cell
right next to Netty's daddy.
- Why don'! you see
what you got?
You're acting like
a prison guard yourself.
- I'm just sayin'--
- I'm just sayin'.
it's Christmas“
why don'! you enjoy yourself?
- J' The old neighborhood J'
J' always looked so good
each December J'
- Remember that day?
- J' We say hello to the friends
we can and can'! remember J'
- Thank you.
- Mama. where's your brush?
- Um. it's in my top drawer.
And. Netty. get a move on.
all right?
We ain't got all day.
- I can'! find it.
- Well. it's in there.
but you gotta go.
- Fine.
Bye. mama.
- [sarcastically] Bye... Netty.
. [phones ringing]
- [computer beeping]
- Excuse me. I'm looking
for a Detective Dalton.
- Oh. he retired last week.
Can I help you?
- I'm Joy White.
My daughter Carlina White
was kidnapped
16 years ago.
I'm hereto look at the book.
- Yeah. he told me you
were gonna come by.
Uh. let's see here.
Here.
Not a lot of new faces
in the book
since last month. though.
Here. have a seat.
[police siren wailing]
- I'll never forget hers.
"The baby don'! cry for you.
You cry for the baby."
. [phones ringing]
- J'
- When were you gonna tell me?
- What?
- Ride or die. right?
- Besties.
- Ann ain't stupid.
And when she find out.
she gonna be real mad.
- What if she kicks me out?
- Come live with me.
- Will you tell her for me?
- Mmmm...
we'll tell her together
when I get back from Atlanta.
- You know you're my girl.
right?
- Mm-hmm.
- [hip-hop music]
J' Everybody move. man J'
J' Just groove.
players gotta do your dance J'
J' Just breathe. ladies
better choose a man J'
J' Let's go. let's go. let's go J'
J' Just clap M
- I'm-a have to beat these
boys off her with a stick.
- Least she got better
taste than you do.
- Oh. no. you ain't gonna start.
- Hey. hey...
- You ain't startin'l
- 'Cause I'm scared of you.
I'm really scared of you.
- Oh. you should be.
You should be.
Huhl Huhl Huhl Huhl
Hal Hal Hal Hal
- [hip-hop music continues]
- Why don'! you go say something
to your guests. please?
- [rapping indistinctly]
- And stand still.
- [music stops abruptly]
- Hi. y'all.
- ALL: Hey.
- So glad you guys
could all come to my "Sweet 16."
It's really nice to have
all my friends here today.
I don'! know what I'd do
without you guys.
All y'all are me.
Know what I'm sayin'?
- ALL: [murmuring and chuckling]
- [music resumes]
[rapping indistinctly]
J'
J' Dudes can'! pick that up J'
J' Slackin' in the game
so I came hereto pick that up J'
J' Just clap
Everybody movin'. man J'
J' Just groove
players gotta do your dance M
- What I tell you--
- [police siren chirps]
- --About getting all close up
with these boys?
- We weren't doing nothing.
- I know what I'm talking about.
- All right. people.
party's over.
You all need to go home.
- We are home.
- Go inside.
- Why?
- Because we said so.
- Becau-- [scoffs]
Becau-- [scoffs]
Last time I checked.
it was legal
to stand on the street.
- Come on. mama. let's go.
- Get your hands off me. girl.
I ain't scared of these copsl
- [doors slam]
- Is there a problem?
- Nol
- Yes... you.
- Mama. he's serious.
- So am ll
This is my house.
This is my streetl
My streetl
- What are you on. ma'am?
- What am l-- [scoffs]
I'm high on life.
All right--I'm high on life.
- [softly] Go inside...
right now.
- Or what?
- You need to stop and be quiet.
- Get your hands off me. girll
Don'! you touch.
Or what?
What you gonna do?
Huh?
You gonna beat me in the street?
You gonna beat me in the street
like Rodney King?
[shrieks] What you gonna do?l
- What's goin' on?
- They violatin'
my human rights.
That's what's goin' on.
- You're coming with me.
- I ain't goin'--
- Officer. waitl Waitl
Please. please. wait-
l'll take her back in the house.
- You don'! have to beg
for me. girl.
These cops ain't got
nothin' on mel
Get off me--I can walk--
I can walkl
Get off mel
- JOY: Bless us. Lord.
make us thankful
through Christ our Lord.
And. Lord. as we celebrate
Carlina's 16th birthday.
please keep her safe and happy.
And I humbly ask
you bring her back to me
when you see fit.
Amen.
- Are you gonna do this
every year on her birthday?
I will...
until Carlina comes home
or I die.
- That's not healthy.
- So you a psychologist now?
- We're just saying
maybe it's time to let her go.
- If. God forbid.
something happened
to you or your sister.
would you want me to let it go?
. [phone rings]
- Hi. Carl.
Thank you for the flowers.
- Thanks for the card.
- How are the kids?
- [laughing] My oldest boy
just got his learner's permit
last month.
- JOY: Now that can'! be good.
- [laughing] You ain't lying.
- Really. Carl. how are you?
- [quietly] Well. you know.
this is always
one of the hardest days
of the year for me.
- Me. too.
- ANN: Hey. sis.
so how was the interview?
- CASSANDRA: Well...
[squealing] I got the jobl
- ANN: [shrieking]
Yeah. Cassie"
look at youl
- CASSANDRA: Yeah. I'm gonna
be moving down there.
Atlanta is real nice.
The streets are full
of hard-working brothers
with suits... suitsl
- Mm-hmml
- ANN: I don'! care if they all
look like Denzel.
it's too damn hot down there
for me.
- CASSANDRA: So maybe Netty
could come down there.
It's a great place
to start a family.
- What you talking about?
- I can get a job...
and. uh. a place
for me and the baby.
- You pregnant?
- Wait...
before you get mad. remember
how you were at that age.
- No. No.
No grandbaby of mine is
gonna be raised in no Atlanta.
We puttin' a child-pen
right here.
- You're not mad?
- No. girl. I'm happyl
I'm happy--
I'm gonna be a grandmamal
[laughing]
ls it a girl?
Is it a girl--it's a girl?
Oh. my God. I want a girl--
I want a girll
- Well. we gotta get
prenatal vitamins
and a checkup.
- We might need a bigger place.
- How are we gonna pay
for all this?
' [$COffs]
I can payl
- The state will pay
for some of it.
- No grandbaby of mine is
gonna be raised by no welfare.
I can P3!!-
Credit card.
- We'll get her in the system
just in case. okay?
- [footsteps descending stairs]
- Hey. did you find
my birth certificate?
I need to go
to the appointment soon.
- It's here somewhere.
I'll handle it
when I gel home from work.
- That's what you said
last week.
- I'll handle it
when I gel home from work.
I promise.
- [door slams]
- J'
- [clatteringl
. [sighs]
- [drawer clattering]
[drawer clattering]
- MAN: Next.
- Here are the forms and...
my birth certificate.
- Okay.
- [paper shuffling.
keyboard clicking]
. [phone ringing]
- We have no record
of your birth.
- What?
No Nejdra Nance
born July 31. 1981?
Bridgeport. Connecticut.
- We have no Nejdra Nance
in the system.
- I didn't make it up--
can you check again?
- This document is a forgery.
- No. it's not.
- Don'! make me call the police.
- [ominous music]
- I'd like to thank the DJ
for starting my set off
on a racist note.
- [laughing]
- Everybody else came up 10--
- [switches TV off]
- What did you do
with my real birth certificate?
- Have you lost your mind--
I was watching thatl
- The state of Connecticut
has no record of my birth.
- Who told you that?
- I went downtown
with the fake certificate
I found in your closet.
- You went in my room?
- To find my birth certificate.
- I done told you
about gain' in my rooml
- They almost called--
- I done told youl
- They almost called
the cops on mel
What's goin' on?
Why don't I have
a real birth certificate?
Why?l
- She left you
and she never came back.
- What?
- She was a friend
of your father's.
- What are you talkin' about?
- Your mother.
She left you on my doorstep.
- [suspenseful music]
- You're not my real mother?
- She left you
because she knew
I'd raise you right.
And I did.
I did raise you right. didn't I?
- What was her name?
- Didn't I?
- [bitingly] What
was my mother's name?
- You don'!--you don'!
even need to know all that.
- Yes. I do.
- All that matters right now
is you and me.
- You call me "Little Ann..."
'cause I look just like you.
You pretended to be
my real mother.
What--how could you lie
like that?
To me?
. Netty...
Now you can'! be mad at me
for that now.
Come here--
come on. don'! be like that.
Come here.
Now you can'! be mad at mel
I took you
out of a bad situation.
and I did my best for you.
I did my best for you--
that's all you need to know.
Look here.
Netty... I did my best.
What--Netty... Nettyl
Nettyl
- [door slams]
- CASSANDRA: You sure
you don'! want me to stay
till you have the baby?
- Netty: We'll be fine.
- CASSANDRA: You could always
come stay with me.
I mean it.
You and that baby
are always welcome.
- Tell me the truth.
Did you know?
- She told me she gave birth
to you. and I believed her.
- Why--Why did you believe her?
I didn't think she would lie
about something like that.
Look. Netty. here's the truth.
I don'! care who gave birth
to you.
- But I do.
- You sure you want to know?
- 'Cause the truth don't always
turn out the way you want.
- Cassie. if I don'! know
who I am.
how am I gonna tell my baby
who she is?
- ANN: All right.
I got the last two.
Here you go.
[sighs]
. [laugl\$]
- I'm gonna miss you. girl.
- Baby on the doorstep?
You gonna have to tell her
more than that.
- Mind your business. Cassie.
- You be careful.
Call mel
- [fliPPil\g channels]
- FEMALE REPORTER:
She was a tiny figure
they knew for a tiny time.
but 11 years
after she was snatched away.
the ache remains.
- JOY: I feel it in my spirit.
- REPORTER:
--says Joy White.
the mother
of the abducted child.
who works
for a financial brokerage firm.
- JOY: I use that name
as my e-mail address.
- Someone out there has her--
I could walk past her any day.
and she wouldn't know
her own father.
- REPORTER:
Back to you. Bill.
- [switches off TV]
- J'
- Netty: [reading]
"Dear Oprah...
"l'm writing to you because...
"l can'! think of anyone else
who can help me.
"L've recently found out
the woman who raised me
"is not my mother.
"L had a healthy baby girl
"and moved to Atlanta
to be near my aunt.
"My baby makes me happy.
"but inside. I feel lost.
"Can you help me find
my parents?
"L need to know the truth
in a life filled with lies.
"Sincerely...
Nejdra Nance."
- Smilel
Perfect.
- [shutter clicks]
- Have a great day. beautifull
- Byel
- CASSANDRA: Byel
- My name is...
- Maya Nance.
I'm 6 years old.
- And I live in...
- Atlanta. Georgia.
- But I was born in...
- Bridgeport...
[faltering] Con-nect-i-cut.
- [laughing] Very good--
that's hard to say.
Your teacher's
gonna be very happy.
- Mama?
- Mm-hmm?
- Were you born
in Con-nect-i-cut. too?
- I don'! know
where I was born. baby.
but I'm gonna find out.
- Look at this.
- You on that web site again?
- No. look at this-
she was born July 15. 1981.
That's about right.
I was born July 31. 1981.
You think it's me?
- Mm... that baby ain't you.
She got too much hair.
- She looks just like Maya did.
Look again. for real.
- She does look like you did
at that age.
- "Carlina Renae White
was last seen
in the Harlem Hospital
Children's Ward."
- Hm-mmm... Ann's twisted.
but she wouldn't have done
all that.
Call the number.
. [phone ringing]
- Center for Missing
and Exploited Children...
This is Keith.
- I may have information
on a missing child.
- Well. we're not sure
she's missing.
- She's missing.
She thinks she was abducted
from a hospital.
- Is the child
in immediate danger?
- No. but we been trying
to get information
for the last five years
with no luck.
- Can you tell me
something about her?
- Like what?
- How old is she?
- 23.
- And her race?
- I guess African-American--
could be Dominican.
- Probably African-American.
[sniffs]
- Does she have any
identifying characteristics"
any birthmarks?
- No.
- Yes. she has a birthmark
on her right arm.
- Right. a birthmark.
- Who is "she"--
who's missing?
- Me.
I am.
- WOMAN: Keith.
take a look at this.
Okay. we took the photograph
that Nejdra Nance sent us
of her at 6 months.
and the one Joy White sent us
of Baby Carlina at 9 days old.
- We did an aging progression
sequence on both.
and I think we have a match.
- [notification blips]
- [keys clicking]
- J'
- [key clicks]
- [shrieks]
Carlina's alivel
Oh. God--praise Godl
My baby's alive-
it's Carlinal
[sobbing] My daughter"
she's alive.
- J'
- [street din]
- What's up?
- They think they found her.
- My God.
- She's living in Atlanta.
- How do they know it's her?
- We have to take DNA tests.
- We shouldn't get our hopes up.
- Look at this. Carl.
- She has my eyes.
- Oh. my God. Joy. I--
It's her.
We found our baby girll
[laughing]
. [sniffs]
- J'
- [keys clicking]
- "He secretly wept at night.
- "...at night.
- [in unison]
"He felt nobody wanted him.
- MAYA: "Why am I d--
[in unison]
"different from my brothers?"
- [squealing]
Oh. look at you readin'l
- [giggling]
- Look at youl
- He's not ugly.
- He ugly for a duckling.
' [both giggling]
- Grandma?
- Yeah. baby?
- Why do you live so far away?
I want you
to come live with us one day.
- Oh. that' sweet. baby--
maybe one day.
- MAYA: Mama. Grandma Ann
might come live with us one day.
- Maya. will you leave
me and Grandma
alone for a minute?
- All right. bye. Smarty-Pants.
- Bye.
- We gonna read later. okay?
- Okay.
- All rigM--
she readin' so goodl
- I need to know
about my parents.
- Netty. I didn't come down here
to argue with you.
- Mama. no matter
what you say.
as long as it's the truth.
I won't get mad.
I promise.
- [sucks teeth]
You want to know the truth?
Hmm?
- Yes.
- [slams book shut]
Okay.
Your mama was a crack ho.
You was a crack baby--
she didn't want you.
so Hook you in.
and now you sittin' up here
treatin' me
like I did something wrong.
Puttin' me on trial
like I did something wrong...
when I did the right thing.
You know what I shoulda done?
I shoulda left
your little crackhead behind
out on the street.
just like your mama.
- Get outl
- It's in the genesl
- Get out?l
- Girl. who you think
you're talkin' to?
- I'm talkin' to you--
I want you out of my house.
Take all your stuff and get out.
[voice breaking]
All I wanted was--
All I wanted was the truth.
That's all.
- [shouting] I don'! need thisl
[slams book]
- Iiewelry rattling]
- [dialing ph0I\9]
- Hello.
[Clears throat]
Is Joy White there?
- [engines rev.
ambulance siren wails]
- J'
- [doors slamming]
- Thanks.
- [engine starts]
- [exhales and whimpers]
[sobbing] Baby.
- It's you.
- Here. let me get a hug.
- J'
- You must be Maya.
Ohh... [sniffs]
- [all gushing]
- JOY: Carlina.
this is your Aunt Lisa.
She's been crying all day.
And this is your auntie
and your uncle.
There's your cousin
back there.
- [laughs nervously]
- This is
your half-sister Tina.
And this is
your half-brother Trey.
- How y'all doin'. everybody?
This is my daughter. Maya.
- [sobbing] Praise be to Godl
Welcome home. childl
I'm your Grandmother Elizabeth.
- Thank you. Grandmother.
- [all laughing and sobbing]
- Let us pray.
Heavenly Father.
You are a mystery
we cannot comprehend.
None of us know
why we are meant to suffer.
but we do believe
in Your infinite wisdom.
There is always
a reason and a purpose.
We hope that one day
you will reveal it.
And we pray that one day
we will forgive those
that took Carlina away.
- [ominous music]
- Most of all. we thank You
for returning
our lost daughters to us.
Amen.
- ALL: Amen.
- Netty: Amen.
- J'
- We didn't know
what you'd like.
so we made you
macaroni and cheese. and...
- [all laughing]
- curry chicken
and lasagna and ox-tail soup.
- [all lau9l\i"9]
- CARL: And that's
just to start.
- [all lau9l\i"9]
- J'
- [dishes clinking.
hum of conversation]
- JOY: [sniffs]
You got your daddy's eyes.
- And I love music.
- That's because I used to sing
to you when you were a baby.
- I'm a neat freak--
I clean all the time.
- I know
where she got that from.
- I wish you would have gotten
some of the same from me. too.
. [laugl\$]
- Was the woman who snatched you
a neat freak?
- Not like me and Joy.
- Is it true that the news
said you grew up on welfare?
- Tinal
- And drugs...
They said the woman
who raised you was on drugs.
- That's enoughl
- I just want to know
about her life.
- It's okay.
The house I grew up in
was nothin' like this.
And the woman that took me
is nothin' like Joy.
But you can'! believe everything
you hear on the news.
- [dishes clatter]
- Where'd you learn
how to do hair like this?
- When I was 6. this Christmas.
my mom got me a doll.
- Your mom?
Styling's a good skill
to have.
- I know.
I just started working
at this hair salon part-time
I know I'll always be able
to make money as a stylist.
People will spend
their rent money on their hair.
But what are you thinking
about college?
- I don'! know yet.
- Carlina...
we may not have
the past together.
but we will have a future.
- TINA: Are you mad
at Ann Pettway?
- Netty: What do you think?
- Was she mean?
- Was she scary--
what was she like?
- She had two sides.
One time she got so mad at me
that she hit me in the face
with a shoe.
Then she felt so bad
she figured out a way
to sneak me and all my friends
into the movies.
- Wow... a shoe?
- What was it like for you.
growing up here?
- Wasn't perfect.
Ma was always worried something
would happen to me or Trey.
We didn't have much freedom.
You know.
she cried a lot for you.
- I'm sorry.
- Yeah. well. she's happy now.
so even if the DNA
doesn't match.
can you still come visit?
Just you being here
gives her hope.
. [sighs]
- Hey. it's me.
- CASSANDRA: [on phone]
What took you so long to call?
- We had a big family dinner.
- Is DNA back?
- They're my parents--I know it.
Kinda feels like home.
- [flatly] That's great.
- Why don'! you sound
happy for me?
- Netty. just don'! forget
who you are.
Okay?
- [phone clicks off]
- J'
- Heyl
- You're late.
You were supposed to be here
an hour ago.
- Sorry. I got held up at work.
[sighs]
- What?
Do I have somethin' on my face
or somethin“?
- Nah.
You don't understand what
me and your mother went through.
Just seeing you standing here...
[laugl\$]
So... if you could do
anything today.
what would you do?
- I'd like to do a girl thing.
like gel my hair done.
but...
- But what?
I'll take you.
- Might feel strange
having a man come with me.
- Well. I ain't a man--
l'm your dad.
- Papers haven'! come back yet.
- You giving me attitude?
' ['3'-l9h$] Sorry.
I've never had a father before.
- J'
' [both laughing]
- [suspenseful music]
- It's positive.
- [gasps]
- It's positive?
- Thank you. God.
- Mmm:
- It's a miraclel
- I knew it.
I knew it... from the first time
I saw that picture.
- Oh. the phone's
been ringin' off the hook.
The press is comin' by tomorrow
to interview us here.
It's official now. Maya.
You can call me "Grandma."
- Just like Grandma Ann?
. [sniffs]
- CARL: [chuckling]
Aw. come herel
- Mmm:
- We can come down to Atlanta
next weekend
and help you and Maya
move up here.
- J'
- FEMALE REPORTER: Carlina
White. who was kidnapped
from Harlem Hospital
over 22 years ago
solved her own kidnapping.
She will be reunited
with her biological parents"
- [sirens wailing]
- [suspenseful music]
- REPORTER: --today in what is
sure to be an emotional reunion.
In local news.
police say a propane explosion
destroyed
a suburban Charlotte house
that killed a toddler
and injured 11 other people.
Investigators
are on the scene now.
In other news. Michelle Obama...
[suspenseful music continues]
- [knocks]
[continues knocking]
- [police scanner chattering]
- [suspenseful music continues]
- WOMAN:
I'm Special Agent Thompson.
Thank you for coming in.
- DALTON: Happy to help out.
It's the kind of case that
haunts you even into retirement.
- Is there anything that didn't
make it into this file?
- We interviewed
just about anyone breathing
at Harlem Hospital that night--
a number of people
l.D.'ed another woman
besides Pettway as the perp.
We tracked her
down to Baltimore.
but couldn't pin it on her.
- THOMPSON: Your gut?
- It's the woman who raised her.
- I'm about to run into
another conference--what's up?
- CASSANDRA: Have you heard
from Ann?
- No. why?
- The police
came looking for here--
they say she disappeared.
She's not answering
her phone--I'm worried.
- Look the conference
is about to start--I gotta go.
- [dial tone buzzing]
- [suspenseful music]
- [news droning in background]
- Fill it up. please.
- Yeah. sure.
Nope.
[smacks "P51
This one's declined.
- [flatly] Oh.
Try that one.
- Okay.
- [card swishes.
buttons clacking]
- [machine beeps]
- Hunh-unh.
Sorry.
- Can I pay another way?
- Cash.
- I got a computer in the-
- [tires squeal]
- [voice falls] --car.
- [police scanner chattering]
. Lady...
we don'! take computers.
Mm-hmm?
- Yeah.
All right.
' [9I-Iffaws]
. [gruck pulling away]
- MALE REPORTER:
...23 years ago.
White has reunited
with her biological parents.
Pettway is believed to be
in the tri state area.
- [suspenseful music continues]
- How do I feel?
- [car horns beep]
- I feel complete.
- JOY: I've always dreamed
about this.
Now after 23 years...
[voice breaks]
I can sleep.
- MALE REPORTER: Do you have
anything to say to Ann Pettway?
- I want her to suffer.
I want her to do time
like I suffered
for 23 years.
- Carl. you said before you
didn't want to press charges.
Do you still feel that way.
or have your feelings
changed over the years?
- Well they have changed
over the years.
but right about now.
whatever the court decides.
that's all right with me.
I don'! want to say
too much about it.
because I got
other things in my heart.
- Can I get a shot
of the three of you. please?
- JOY: Sure.
- [shutters clicking]
- Great.
How about a kiss on the cheek
by both parents?
- [all lau9l\i"9]
- [shutters continue clicking]
- CAMERAMAN: Nice. thank you.
- CARL: All right. thanks.
- WOMAN: Carlina.
do you have anything to say
about Ann Pettway?
Is it true she was
drug-addicted and abusive?
- [street din]
- When I look at Joy White.
I see me.
With Ann. my mother.
the other lady--
I don'! know what to call her--
I would always be searching
for things we had in common.
but we had nothing in common.
- All right. no more questions“
we gotta go.
Thanks--thank you--
excuse me.
Hey-
[exhales]
Can you believe this?
- JOY: Oh. God is so good.
- [cell phone ringing]
- Hello?
[louder] Hello?
- [clicks off cell phone]
- So what do you think. Carlina?
She wants to fly us to Chicago
and everything.
- I don'! feel like sittin'
on Oprah's couch for an hour
talkin' about Ann.
- What's wrong?
- Cassandra's flippin' out.
and Ann's missing.
- You don'! have to worry
about them anymore.
They're not your family.
Carlina.
- [cell phone ringing]
- I know it's you--
say somethingl
- I know this looks bad.
- You stole my lifel
- ls that her--is that Ann?
- Just give her a minute“
it's okay.
- Look. just give me a minute.
and I'm-a straighten this out.
I'm-a straighten it out. okay?
- Either you did it
or you didn't.
You never take responsibility
for anythingl
- [dial tone drones]
- Nettyl
- J'
. [phone ringing]
- MAN: Federal Bureau
of Investigation.
How can I help you?
- My name is Ann Pettway.
I'm here to straighten out
this mess.
Where's your boss?
- [recorder chirps]
- [exhales]
Tell me what happened.
- There was this girl.
and she loved dolls--
- [dramatic music]
- --All kind of dolls.
but she got tired
of these dolls because...
they couldn't walk.
They couldn't talk.
They couldn't love her back.
So she got pregnant...
three times.
And every time the baby died.
And that wasn't fair. was it?
[more quietly] Was it?
- No.
- It wasn't fair.
- [dramatic music continues]
- She just wanted somebody
to love her back.
- Ann Pettway.
you're under arrest
for the kidnapping
of Carlina Renae White.
- [dramatic music continues]
- Will you tell my daughter now?
- Why don'! we get
a mani-pedi?
- [sighing]
I think it's time to go home.
- Ok. let's go home.
- No. I mean back home
to Atlanta.
- No. don't--you--
Am I being too pushy?
- Nol No. it's not that.
I appreciate all of this.
really I do.
- [street din]
- A reporter told me
about the trust fund.
and I was hoping to take
that money.
close out my life in Atlanta.
and--I don'! know--
maybe get a place up here.
That way I'd be closer.
- Carlina...
- What?
- The trust fund dissolved
when you were 21.
- What happened to it?
- We needed that money.
- Were you ever gonna tell me?
- I'm sorry. Carlina.
- REPORTER: Hey. Carlina.
do you have a quote?
- REPORTERS: [overlapping]
Carlina Whitel Carlinal
- REPORTER: Ann Pettway turned
herself in--any thoughts?
- REPORTER: Do you have anything
to say to Ann Pettway?
- Netty: No comment.
- REPORTER: How was the reunion?
- REPORTER: We want to hear
your side of the storyl
- MAYA: Auntiel
- Hey. preuy girll
Did you miss me?
- Mm-hmm.
Could you come to New York
with us next time?
- [inhaling] W--
- Netty: Maya.
go put your stuff in your room--
I'll be there in a minute.
. 'Kay.
- Netty: 'K8!!-
- So you heard the news?
- I saw it on TV.
- Her lawyers
want to meet with you
so they can discuss strategy.
- I can'!-
- You can and you will.
She's family.
Netty. you hear me?
You can'! leave her hangin'.
- Look.
I'm goin' by Carlina now.
- You're Netty to me.
- But my name is Carlina.
- Your name is Nejdra.
- Not according
to my birth certificate.
- J'
- [footsteps departing]
- [prison door clangs]
- [bangs on door]
- WOMAN GUARD: Rise and shinel
- WOMAN: Stop bangin'l
- [banging on door]
- Rise and shinel
- WOMAN: [muttering]
- GUARD: Pettway.
- J'
. [sighs]
- ANN: You gotta make her.
If they convict me.
it's 25 to life.
- She don'! wanna testify.
and she don'! wanna see you.
- You gotta make herl
- I can'! keep cleanin' up after
you where Netty's concerned.
She's her own person.
- Cassie...
- Ann. you took
that child's life from her.
then you kept her in the dark
about her family for years.
You had plenty of opportunity
to make this right.
but you didn't.
- What am I supposed to do now?
[sighs]
' [98llery muttering]
- [dramatic music]
- [muttering continues]
- [dramatic music continues]
- That woman
took everything from us.
- BAILIFF: All rise.
- How does the defendant plead?
- My client pleads
"not guilty." Your Honor.
- [quietly] Not guilty?l
What?
- ANN: [reading] "Dear Nejdra.
"l think of you every day.
"L miss you and Maya so much
it makes me want to cry.
"L hope I see you soon.
Love. your mother."
- JOY: Has she returned
any of your calls?
- CARL: I've left five messages.
- Carl. we can'! lose her
this time--we can't.
- CARL: Now that's enough.
all right. excuse me.
- REPORTER: What will you do
in the future?
- REPORTER: Joy? Joyl
Give us a statement. please.
- Hi. Carlina.
it's your mom.
[gasps] I can't believe I can
actually say that to you now.
Listen. I tried to call you
the other day
and never heard back.
I tried texting you.
never heard back.
Carlina. please call
me and your father.
We need to hear from you.
- [phone clicks off]
- [cell phone jinglésl
- J'
- [scoffs] Now I am happy
my daughter came back to me.
The problem we're having
right now is just...
it's hard for her
to cope with us.
She hasn't been with us
for 23 years.
- Is there anything
you'd like to say to Carlina?
I love you.
I want you to come back.
Give us a chance.
Let's make--
make up for lost time.
- JOY: I was on such a high
when I was first reunited
with my daughter.
You couldn't tell me nothin'.
you know?
I was floatin' on air.
That was a great moment.
And then one day
after telling her story
to "The New York Post."
she changed.
In just that day.
I think it had a lotto do
with the Pettway family.
She asked a lot of questions
about the money--
the trust fund
and the $10.000 reward.
That money's gone.
It really hurts
because it's about money.
She won'! return my calls.
- [cell phone dialing]
- I'd like to change
my phone number.
- Where's Grandpa Carl?
- Netty: He's in New York.
- Where's Grandma Joy?
- She's in New York. too.
- Can we visit her soon?
- I don'! know.
- Where's Grandma Ann?
- What's with all the questions?
- [sighs] She went away.
- Is she mad at me?
- No. baby.
she's not mad at you.
Sometimes people do bad things.
When they get caught.
they have to go away.
- Did she say she was sorry?
When I do something bad.
I say sorry.
and you give me a hug.
- [exhaling] Ms. Johnson.
What is your relationship
to the defendant?
- Ann Pettway is my sister.
What you're saying she did
was despicable.
but I love my sister.
She's not perfect.
She's deeply flawed.
But she loves Netty
Ann is a good mother.
- [breathing shakily]
- Ann Pettway knows
she caused a lot of pain.
She'd had several miscarriages.
and she never believed
she'd be able to be a parent.
So in my opinion.
she did kidnap Carlina White.
and she as much as confessed
to it in my office.
- [door clattering]
- [TV droning in background]
- Get up.
. [kgys jangling]
- Get up now.
What happened to your phone?
- I disconnected it.
Needed to just drop out.
- Well. you need
to drop back in.
- Why--so I can help Ann?
- Because you have
a life to live.
- Whose life am I livin'?
Joy's?
Ann's? Yours?
If I spend time with Joy.
I'm betrayin' you.
If I spend time with you
and we talk about Ann.
I'm betrayin' Joy.
- Look. I know
this has been hard on you.
I know I helped make it
hard on you.
Look. you can call yourself
Carlina or Nejdra.
I don'! care.
It doesn't matter to me
what you call yourself.
Point is...
you gotta get up and get on
with your life.
- I just keep wonderin'
what my life woulda been...
had I grown up
with my real parents.
. Okay-
But where do you go
from here?
- [knocking on door]
- [gasps]
MII1II1I
Thank you for cumin'.
- About the money--
- Carlina...
[sighs] Nobody told us
to set up that trust fund.
We had it for 21 years.
and if I had to do it
all over again.
I never would have spent it.
- It's not about the money.
You could have told me.
But-- [sighs]
I'm just tired of people
keepin' things from me.
- I'm sorry.
- Why didn't you look harder?
- Excuse me?
- Anyone who knows me knows how
much I want to find my parents.
I searched and searched for you.
Why didn't you look harder?
- Carlina. you have no idea
how hard we looked.
I knocked on more doors--
I passed out more flyers.
than you
could have ever imagined.
[voice breaking]
We couldn't find youl
But... we never stopped looking.
- Sorry.
. [sniffs]
There's been so much pain.
[sighs]
Liust want you to be happy.
Carlina.
- But I'm just not ready.
I'm not ready
to leave my whole life
and start over as Carlina White.
. [sighs]
You know. for the past 23 years.
I've talked to you in my head...
and in my dreams.
All this time.
you been a part of my life.
And you've only just found out
about me.
We'll take it slow.
- J'
- [dramatic music]
- [brakes squeal]
- My name is Joy White.
and I'm hereto see Ann Pettway.
- Does she know you're coming?
- No.
- Park over there"
we'll put you through security.
- [éngine revving]
- [buzzer honks]
- [door creaks. slams]
- [people talking far away]
- [person whistling a tune]
- I could just slap that smile
off your face.
- Is that why you're here?
- I came here
because I have to find a way
to forgive you.
Why did you do it to me?
- From over here. it don'! look
like nothin' been done to you.
What you so upset for?
You got her now.
- [angrily]
I may have Carlina now.
but you stole 23 years
of my life.
I wasn't there when Carlina
took her first step.
I didn't get to see her
go to the prom.
I wasn't there when she had
my grandbaby.
Those are moments
I'll never have.
- I lost three babies.
- I lost a childl
I didn't go around
stealin' nobody's babiesl
- See. that's what I'm sayin'--
you lost one.
I lost three"
I heard you got two more now.
They told me
I couldn't have none.
- That's no excusel
- I needed that child. okay?
- [buzzer honks. door slams]
- I saw y'all on TV.
and I thought
about givin' her back.
But then Netty
would look up at me.
People started sayin'
we looked alike.
They even called her
"Little Ann."
Every day. she became
more and more mine.
- [shouts] She wasn't yours--
she was minel
[pounds table]
- I fed herl
I clothed herl
I taught her right from wrongl
That little girl
who you paradin' around
on TV and everything“
[pounds table]
I did thatl
You should be thankin' me.
- I should be thankin' you?
- Thank mel
- It's takin' all I got
not to jump across this table
and kill you.
- [sucks teeth]
[quietly] I know you hate me.
[inhales] And I know.
somebody like you.
you'll never understand this.
Somebody like you. you know--
[sobbing]
--You got a lot of love
in your life.
[continues sobbing]
Me...
I been lovin' people
and lovin' people
and doin' for people...
[continues sobbing]
It's one thing
to love somebody.
but it's another thing
for somebody to love you back.
Netty loved me back.
- [sobbing]
I ain't ever felt that before.
[9roans]
[$obs]
- You could have taken
any other child in that nursery.
Why'd you take mine?
Was it 'cause I was young?
- It didn't' have nothin' to do
with you. Ms. White.
- [shouts] It had everything
to do with mel
It had everything
[$obs]
- [prison doors clanging]
- J'
- [plate rattles]
- ANN: On August 4. 1981...
I went to Harlem Hospital.
Hook a child.
I got back on the train.
I went back home.
And I raised her as my own.
I knew it was wrong.
- [sobbing]
- JUDGE: Ann Pettway.
You've pleaded guilty
to one count of kidnapping.
In light of your confession.
the court hereby sentences you
to 12 years in prison.
' [gallery whispering]
. [bangs gavel]
- [whispering continues]
- J'
- [street din]
- CARL: That's it?
That's what our suffering's
worth?
I thought it was
a mandatory life sentence.
- She plea bargained.
- I lost you. I lost my family-
I lost everything.
We gotta appeal this.
- We just gotta live with it.
All of it.
- HOST: I have a few questions
for you. Carlina.
Or would you prefer
I called you Nejdra?
Or Netty?
- I'm not Nejdra.
That's the name
that was forced on me.
I'm not Carlina.
That's the name
that was taken from me.
My name is Netty
That's the name that feels
more like me...
...the name that feels
most like home.
- Grandmal
. [laugl\$]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org